muted tomato bags contain 1 bright brown bag, 1 dotted gold bag, 2 faded gray bags, 1 posh yellow bag.
posh brown bags contain 1 dark lime bag, 5 mirrored crimson bags, 1 striped chartreuse bag.
dotted violet bags contain 4 striped white bags.
mirrored black bags contain 1 clear yellow bag.
light aqua bags contain 3 clear silver bags, 2 shiny coral bags, 2 muted tomato bags, 2 drab turquoise bags.
faded violet bags contain no other bags.
shiny lime bags contain 3 muted brown bags, 4 dull gray bags.
dark green bags contain 3 muted magenta bags.
faded bronze bags contain 5 clear lime bags, 3 muted gold bags.
clear lavender bags contain 4 dark beige bags, 3 mirrored crimson bags, 2 bright blue bags.
striped bronze bags contain 5 muted olive bags, 4 clear chartreuse bags, 2 vibrant blue bags.
dim bronze bags contain 1 clear indigo bag.
dull crimson bags contain 3 dotted violet bags, 2 pale teal bags, 3 plaid bronze bags, 3 faded aqua bags.
mirrored bronze bags contain 3 striped maroon bags, 4 shiny gold bags, 4 light indigo bags, 5 clear orange bags.
vibrant white bags contain 4 light lime bags.
dark blue bags contain 1 faded black bag, 5 mirrored plum bags, 4 muted cyan bags.
drab bronze bags contain 5 mirrored plum bags, 2 bright turquoise bags, 1 clear gray bag, 3 faded chartreuse bags.
mirrored lime bags contain 2 faded red bags.
posh violet bags contain 3 dull chartreuse bags, 5 clear plum bags, 2 mirrored chartreuse bags, 5 dull magenta bags.
dull bronze bags contain 2 wavy purple bags, 4 drab salmon bags, 5 dull chartreuse bags.
dull black bags contain 4 shiny crimson bags, 5 dotted turquoise bags, 4 clear beige bags, 2 striped maroon bags.
striped aqua bags contain 1 faded violet bag, 1 plaid teal bag.
clear silver bags contain 1 faded green bag.
dark yellow bags contain 4 shiny plum bags, 2 dull gray bags, 5 light lime bags, 4 shiny orange bags.
dull coral bags contain 2 striped turquoise bags, 4 mirrored fuchsia bags, 5 faded yellow bags.
shiny yellow bags contain 5 wavy maroon bags, 1 striped fuchsia bag.
shiny black bags contain 2 muted tomato bags, 3 muted maroon bags, 4 shiny orange bags.
posh aqua bags contain 3 wavy cyan bags, 5 posh brown bags, 4 dim plum bags.
plaid maroon bags contain 5 faded aqua bags, 5 mirrored olive bags, 5 plaid gold bags, 2 vibrant gray bags.
mirrored gold bags contain 3 shiny tomato bags, 3 shiny crimson bags.
muted lavender bags contain 2 muted tan bags.
vibrant magenta bags contain 1 dull purple bag, 2 vibrant coral bags, 5 faded silver bags.
striped tomato bags contain 3 faded beige bags, 3 pale tan bags, 2 drab orange bags.
dull turquoise bags contain 3 striped green bags, 2 shiny blue bags, 2 dim purple bags.
shiny aqua bags contain 1 clear salmon bag.
drab silver bags contain 2 shiny gold bags, 4 posh yellow bags.
plaid gold bags contain 3 bright lavender bags, 5 plaid cyan bags, 1 bright brown bag, 5 faded turquoise bags.
wavy lavender bags contain 2 plaid lavender bags, 3 plaid red bags, 4 posh cyan bags, 4 bright aqua bags.
dark bronze bags contain 4 muted cyan bags, 4 clear cyan bags.
plaid lime bags contain 1 posh teal bag.
mirrored magenta bags contain 5 dotted turquoise bags.
light turquoise bags contain 5 posh tan bags, 2 posh aqua bags.
dark indigo bags contain 5 clear crimson bags, 3 posh lime bags.
mirrored brown bags contain 4 posh white bags, 1 dim lime bag, 2 pale magenta bags, 1 mirrored chartreuse bag.
vibrant lavender bags contain 5 posh plum bags, 1 posh aqua bag.
dim crimson bags contain 3 vibrant beige bags, 4 clear indigo bags, 3 dim lime bags, 4 striped olive bags.
vibrant violet bags contain 5 vibrant red bags, 1 striped white bag.
dull silver bags contain 4 striped bronze bags, 1 plaid plum bag, 1 dim tomato bag.
plaid brown bags contain 5 drab blue bags, 2 light turquoise bags, 5 dull lavender bags.
dim aqua bags contain 4 plaid lavender bags, 5 muted maroon bags.
faded plum bags contain 3 striped tan bags.
drab black bags contain 5 clear bronze bags, 4 plaid red bags, 1 drab orange bag, 5 clear lavender bags.
pale bronze bags contain 5 dim plum bags, 1 drab lavender bag.
mirrored purple bags contain 5 mirrored crimson bags.
mirrored red bags contain 5 striped magenta bags, 4 mirrored chartreuse bags, 5 pale cyan bags.
posh lime bags contain 5 dull lavender bags, 1 faded turquoise bag, 2 striped coral bags, 3 striped green bags.
vibrant black bags contain 2 drab salmon bags, 4 clear tomato bags, 2 faded turquoise bags.
striped orange bags contain 2 plaid blue bags, 5 pale teal bags, 1 drab maroon bag.
dotted tomato bags contain 1 dim white bag, 5 dotted magenta bags, 4 dull tomato bags, 1 dull gold bag.
posh orange bags contain 3 posh gold bags, 4 light lime bags, 2 faded violet bags, 5 faded turquoise bags.
muted gold bags contain 4 faded maroon bags, 5 dark turquoise bags, 4 bright turquoise bags, 3 plaid silver bags.
striped yellow bags contain 4 drab fuchsia bags, 1 dim lime bag.
dotted green bags contain 4 clear beige bags.
faded fuchsia bags contain 1 dull blue bag, 4 bright coral bags.
shiny lavender bags contain 3 mirrored beige bags, 1 dark coral bag, 1 muted turquoise bag, 3 light brown bags.
bright maroon bags contain 5 faded lime bags, 3 dim brown bags, 3 vibrant yellow bags.
dark maroon bags contain 2 drab red bags.
dark white bags contain 3 wavy turquoise bags, 4 dotted red bags, 3 plaid fuchsia bags.
dotted aqua bags contain 4 clear green bags, 3 drab magenta bags, 1 dull tomato bag, 3 striped coral bags.
faded red bags contain 3 plaid purple bags, 3 dark lime bags.
wavy yellow bags contain 1 bright yellow bag, 2 light chartreuse bags, 1 dull chartreuse bag.
posh beige bags contain 5 shiny orange bags, 4 drab silver bags, 1 striped cyan bag.
dull fuchsia bags contain 5 faded lavender bags, 1 dark cyan bag, 2 clear tomato bags, 3 mirrored chartreuse bags.
muted silver bags contain 5 muted brown bags, 2 striped brown bags, 4 mirrored bronze bags, 5 faded plum bags.
dim white bags contain 1 dull bronze bag, 3 dotted beige bags, 4 wavy tan bags, 4 vibrant white bags.
faded green bags contain 1 clear indigo bag, 2 pale cyan bags, 1 wavy brown bag.
pale blue bags contain 2 posh turquoise bags.
muted green bags contain 1 dull bronze bag.
dull indigo bags contain 4 shiny silver bags, 1 wavy red bag, 4 muted orange bags.
muted plum bags contain 1 shiny lime bag, 4 plaid tomato bags, 2 faded indigo bags.
striped magenta bags contain 1 mirrored chartreuse bag, 1 faded beige bag, 3 bright blue bags, 2 clear yellow bags.
clear coral bags contain 4 dark turquoise bags, 2 posh magenta bags, 2 shiny aqua bags, 5 pale aqua bags.
pale olive bags contain 4 shiny crimson bags, 3 wavy cyan bags, 1 vibrant beige bag, 3 dark beige bags.
striped plum bags contain 2 light salmon bags.
dim indigo bags contain 2 shiny lavender bags, 4 clear lavender bags, 1 bright tomato bag, 1 vibrant bronze bag.
striped green bags contain 5 muted cyan bags.
shiny salmon bags contain 1 wavy brown bag.
wavy aqua bags contain 5 muted white bags, 1 mirrored gray bag, 5 dull lavender bags.
posh gold bags contain 1 vibrant beige bag, 3 dull chartreuse bags, 4 mirrored brown bags.
wavy blue bags contain 3 shiny gray bags, 4 posh turquoise bags.
dark fuchsia bags contain 2 posh fuchsia bags, 4 bright indigo bags, 3 posh maroon bags, 2 posh aqua bags.
shiny purple bags contain 5 clear maroon bags, 3 bright indigo bags.
dull chartreuse bags contain no other bags.
light beige bags contain 4 dim purple bags, 1 posh red bag, 4 clear aqua bags, 1 striped coral bag.
wavy purple bags contain 3 bright turquoise bags.
clear yellow bags contain 2 posh plum bags.
clear violet bags contain 5 faded chartreuse bags, 5 clear green bags, 3 wavy brown bags.
striped white bags contain 3 light white bags.
clear green bags contain 4 muted bronze bags.
drab crimson bags contain 1 posh tan bag.
dark turquoise bags contain 2 shiny tomato bags, 5 wavy maroon bags, 5 dim aqua bags.
drab magenta bags contain 1 pale gray bag, 4 striped olive bags, 2 posh brown bags.
dotted gray bags contain 1 dull tomato bag, 1 posh yellow bag.
plaid magenta bags contain 5 clear green bags, 2 dotted bronze bags, 5 drab black bags.
striped indigo bags contain 4 mirrored magenta bags, 5 posh beige bags.
bright fuchsia bags contain 4 dotted orange bags, 2 faded green bags, 1 bright turquoise bag.
mirrored teal bags contain 1 mirrored chartreuse bag, 2 drab brown bags, 2 dull black bags.
dotted purple bags contain 5 dotted turquoise bags, 5 dotted orange bags, 5 shiny gold bags.
dim lavender bags contain 3 shiny coral bags, 5 mirrored crimson bags, 2 clear yellow bags, 2 muted orange bags.
shiny gray bags contain 3 vibrant purple bags.
mirrored white bags contain 1 mirrored brown bag, 3 striped purple bags.
light cyan bags contain 4 bright maroon bags, 3 posh violet bags, 4 faded aqua bags, 5 dull tan bags.
wavy gray bags contain 4 mirrored violet bags, 1 muted orange bag.
striped silver bags contain 2 bright silver bags, 5 posh aqua bags.
dull green bags contain 5 mirrored chartreuse bags, 2 dim beige bags.
faded black bags contain 5 wavy turquoise bags, 1 muted tan bag, 1 dull chartreuse bag.
posh crimson bags contain 2 muted tan bags, 4 striped beige bags, 1 mirrored lavender bag, 5 faded white bags.
pale teal bags contain 4 posh aqua bags, 5 mirrored plum bags, 1 muted turquoise bag.
muted tan bags contain 1 striped coral bag, 1 mirrored brown bag, 1 posh gold bag, 4 muted cyan bags.
posh indigo bags contain 5 shiny tomato bags, 1 clear salmon bag, 3 dotted black bags, 1 striped maroon bag.
clear gray bags contain 1 bright violet bag.
striped olive bags contain no other bags.
mirrored silver bags contain 4 shiny maroon bags, 4 muted coral bags.
clear brown bags contain 2 dotted magenta bags, 3 clear aqua bags, 5 faded lime bags.
striped lavender bags contain 4 dull turquoise bags.
plaid teal bags contain 3 muted bronze bags, 2 drab orange bags.
faded blue bags contain 3 bright teal bags, 2 posh brown bags.
drab gold bags contain 3 dotted black bags, 5 striped yellow bags.
plaid gray bags contain 2 drab magenta bags, 4 bright yellow bags, 5 pale beige bags.
mirrored coral bags contain 1 shiny fuchsia bag, 5 vibrant gray bags, 1 wavy maroon bag.
drab fuchsia bags contain 3 dull silver bags, 5 posh brown bags.
wavy olive bags contain 2 plaid lavender bags.
vibrant maroon bags contain 4 drab brown bags, 1 dark indigo bag, 1 clear gray bag.
faded magenta bags contain 1 dim crimson bag.
pale aqua bags contain 3 dotted turquoise bags.
dotted orange bags contain 2 light coral bags.
dim coral bags contain 4 pale gold bags.
faded turquoise bags contain 5 posh gold bags, 2 bright turquoise bags, 1 drab magenta bag.
striped tan bags contain 3 bright red bags.
drab green bags contain 3 muted gold bags, 3 plaid gold bags.
posh red bags contain 3 mirrored red bags, 2 striped fuchsia bags, 3 faded violet bags, 1 bright black bag.
drab lime bags contain 2 dotted brown bags.
plaid tomato bags contain 4 muted olive bags, 2 striped tan bags.
striped blue bags contain 3 drab lavender bags.
bright bronze bags contain 2 clear gold bags, 2 striped gold bags, 4 dim coral bags, 5 vibrant purple bags.
muted white bags contain 4 light olive bags.
pale violet bags contain 1 bright teal bag, 5 bright lavender bags, 2 faded green bags, 5 clear gold bags.
striped violet bags contain 2 drab turquoise bags, 2 bright red bags, 3 vibrant blue bags.
dull beige bags contain 2 vibrant beige bags.
light lime bags contain 1 bright turquoise bag, 3 vibrant beige bags, 2 wavy bronze bags, 1 muted cyan bag.
striped gray bags contain 5 vibrant brown bags, 3 wavy red bags, 3 plaid bronze bags, 4 wavy aqua bags.
dark violet bags contain 5 dim indigo bags, 1 dim chartreuse bag, 5 dim purple bags, 1 striped magenta bag.
dim turquoise bags contain 3 muted tan bags.
pale green bags contain 2 pale olive bags, 5 wavy red bags, 5 pale lime bags.
dark beige bags contain 1 light green bag, 4 drab beige bags, 2 dim cyan bags.
drab maroon bags contain 3 light coral bags, 1 clear crimson bag.
dark gold bags contain 1 dim black bag, 1 dotted gold bag, 3 dim gray bags, 5 wavy red bags.
drab white bags contain 1 pale gray bag.
mirrored olive bags contain 4 mirrored crimson bags, 3 faded beige bags.
pale yellow bags contain 4 shiny maroon bags, 5 dim tomato bags, 4 shiny olive bags, 1 faded olive bag.
striped lime bags contain 2 light lavender bags, 4 shiny aqua bags, 2 pale maroon bags.
mirrored tomato bags contain 2 clear crimson bags, 2 pale beige bags, 5 striped purple bags, 4 clear tomato bags.
dark black bags contain 1 mirrored orange bag, 4 shiny brown bags.
plaid chartreuse bags contain 1 dim beige bag, 2 vibrant red bags, 1 bright lavender bag, 5 mirrored tomato bags.
posh gray bags contain 5 dotted blue bags.
mirrored crimson bags contain no other bags.
pale silver bags contain 3 plaid cyan bags.
shiny green bags contain 4 dotted violet bags, 3 drab olive bags.
light brown bags contain 2 vibrant yellow bags, 3 dim tomato bags.
muted yellow bags contain 1 drab magenta bag, 5 muted olive bags, 3 clear crimson bags, 2 mirrored brown bags.
mirrored plum bags contain 4 muted tan bags, 1 posh brown bag, 3 faded silver bags, 1 dull gold bag.
dark chartreuse bags contain 1 dim orange bag, 2 dull indigo bags, 1 dark beige bag.
wavy brown bags contain 3 striped chartreuse bags.
faded white bags contain 5 striped magenta bags, 2 muted turquoise bags, 2 bright cyan bags, 3 clear chartreuse bags.
bright green bags contain 1 light salmon bag.
bright salmon bags contain 3 posh tan bags, 2 drab orange bags.
drab plum bags contain 2 posh turquoise bags, 4 dark salmon bags, 3 posh lime bags, 4 light coral bags.
drab tomato bags contain 5 faded teal bags, 4 mirrored black bags, 4 mirrored lavender bags, 1 drab salmon bag.
faded olive bags contain 4 light green bags, 4 clear bronze bags.
plaid bronze bags contain 3 dim plum bags, 2 posh white bags, 1 dotted gray bag, 2 dull gray bags.
light salmon bags contain 2 faded violet bags.
bright red bags contain 1 posh plum bag, 4 clear crimson bags.
faded maroon bags contain 3 striped olive bags, 5 wavy bronze bags, 3 bright lavender bags.
mirrored orange bags contain 1 bright silver bag, 3 bright red bags, 1 drab brown bag.
dotted indigo bags contain 1 dull black bag, 2 posh white bags.
wavy teal bags contain 1 dotted tomato bag, 4 faded beige bags, 5 dull beige bags, 1 clear crimson bag.
dim magenta bags contain 2 posh maroon bags, 1 dim yellow bag, 4 faded red bags, 5 pale olive bags.
light red bags contain 3 dim silver bags, 5 drab maroon bags, 3 shiny red bags.
plaid red bags contain 1 posh yellow bag, 5 muted turquoise bags, 1 bright red bag.
pale magenta bags contain 4 dim plum bags, 5 dull tomato bags, 3 bright turquoise bags, 1 dark lime bag.
posh yellow bags contain 5 posh brown bags.
bright lavender bags contain 5 clear aqua bags, 1 posh yellow bag, 4 pale magenta bags.
dim fuchsia bags contain 4 muted green bags, 3 mirrored beige bags, 5 dark brown bags, 1 dull crimson bag.
vibrant salmon bags contain 4 clear lime bags, 5 plaid brown bags, 5 pale white bags.
dim black bags contain 3 faded magenta bags, 5 dull gray bags, 2 vibrant blue bags, 2 vibrant bronze bags.
dotted yellow bags contain 3 drab turquoise bags, 3 muted cyan bags, 3 clear gray bags.
mirrored beige bags contain 1 drab salmon bag, 1 striped olive bag, 5 dotted gold bags, 2 faded beige bags.
striped brown bags contain 5 bright maroon bags, 2 light gold bags.
striped chartreuse bags contain no other bags.
dark lime bags contain 3 dull chartreuse bags, 5 dim violet bags, 2 mirrored crimson bags.
faded salmon bags contain 2 dull chartreuse bags, 4 posh brown bags, 3 mirrored olive bags, 5 light green bags.
bright brown bags contain 2 vibrant bronze bags, 2 dim gray bags.
dull tan bags contain 5 posh indigo bags.
dim silver bags contain 1 vibrant tomato bag, 4 dim maroon bags.
clear lime bags contain 4 clear gray bags, 1 clear tan bag, 4 posh brown bags, 1 dark indigo bag.
shiny beige bags contain 5 plaid lavender bags, 4 drab red bags, 4 striped green bags, 2 vibrant tomato bags.
dim tomato bags contain 3 clear yellow bags, 2 wavy gold bags, 3 pale cyan bags.
dotted tan bags contain 3 pale white bags.
dark crimson bags contain 1 dim coral bag, 4 muted brown bags, 2 clear chartreuse bags.
plaid coral bags contain 1 dark yellow bag, 3 muted tomato bags.
faded lavender bags contain 1 muted lavender bag, 5 mirrored red bags, 1 muted orange bag, 3 light coral bags.
vibrant crimson bags contain 3 plaid plum bags, 2 bright olive bags.
faded chartreuse bags contain 5 dim cyan bags.
dark gray bags contain 5 clear plum bags, 5 faded aqua bags.
shiny crimson bags contain 4 mirrored gray bags, 2 dull green bags.
muted purple bags contain 5 dull tomato bags.
light coral bags contain no other bags.
pale beige bags contain 3 dark indigo bags, 5 bright turquoise bags, 3 vibrant lavender bags, 1 pale magenta bag.
posh turquoise bags contain 4 faded green bags, 2 light coral bags, 1 light teal bag, 3 dim tomato bags.
clear aqua bags contain 2 wavy cyan bags, 1 muted yellow bag.
posh silver bags contain 4 plaid fuchsia bags, 2 dotted violet bags, 3 drab olive bags.
dark silver bags contain 4 vibrant purple bags, 1 vibrant cyan bag.
dull plum bags contain 3 dim red bags, 3 wavy turquoise bags, 2 mirrored beige bags.
muted magenta bags contain 3 faded lime bags, 2 muted crimson bags, 1 mirrored gray bag.
plaid indigo bags contain 4 wavy aqua bags, 1 plaid silver bag, 1 light blue bag, 3 wavy magenta bags.
wavy violet bags contain 2 striped bronze bags.
plaid yellow bags contain 3 dull plum bags, 1 striped blue bag, 5 faded aqua bags.
dotted bronze bags contain 3 bright lavender bags, 1 wavy lime bag, 2 dotted cyan bags, 1 mirrored beige bag.
striped coral bags contain 4 dark cyan bags, 4 wavy bronze bags, 2 dotted magenta bags.
posh tan bags contain 4 mirrored brown bags, 3 dotted teal bags, 5 light lime bags.
bright white bags contain 2 muted indigo bags, 2 wavy aqua bags.
posh cyan bags contain 4 muted tomato bags, 1 posh tan bag, 4 mirrored lavender bags, 2 drab blue bags.
wavy gold bags contain 1 dim beige bag, 5 dotted teal bags, 2 dotted turquoise bags.
mirrored cyan bags contain 2 drab silver bags, 5 muted orange bags, 5 mirrored olive bags.
dim orange bags contain 3 striped blue bags.
muted indigo bags contain 4 clear aqua bags, 2 mirrored tan bags, 2 clear green bags, 2 posh brown bags.
dull tomato bags contain 4 posh plum bags.
plaid orange bags contain 1 striped coral bag.
posh bronze bags contain 3 vibrant purple bags, 2 dim brown bags, 1 clear violet bag, 4 mirrored gold bags.
dotted chartreuse bags contain 3 dull crimson bags.
faded coral bags contain 1 wavy tomato bag.
pale salmon bags contain 2 dull purple bags, 2 dark tomato bags.
wavy crimson bags contain 4 bright fuchsia bags, 5 light lime bags, 1 posh tan bag.
pale fuchsia bags contain 2 wavy black bags, 1 muted crimson bag, 2 dotted aqua bags.
striped fuchsia bags contain 1 mirrored violet bag, 3 dull chartreuse bags, 1 shiny lavender bag.
plaid cyan bags contain 2 vibrant lavender bags.
dotted beige bags contain 4 dim beige bags, 2 vibrant lavender bags.
mirrored turquoise bags contain 4 mirrored beige bags, 3 dotted turquoise bags, 1 striped maroon bag.
faded indigo bags contain 3 dark lime bags, 5 mirrored salmon bags, 3 drab red bags.
dotted silver bags contain 3 dark yellow bags, 4 posh crimson bags.
light silver bags contain 2 wavy orange bags, 2 vibrant maroon bags, 4 wavy beige bags.
vibrant cyan bags contain 1 shiny fuchsia bag, 3 posh plum bags.
pale crimson bags contain 1 dotted gold bag, 4 mirrored brown bags, 1 mirrored olive bag.
vibrant beige bags contain 4 dull white bags.
faded tomato bags contain 4 mirrored salmon bags, 5 faded green bags.
dull maroon bags contain 5 mirrored olive bags, 4 dim crimson bags.
muted aqua bags contain 2 plaid olive bags, 1 shiny indigo bag.
shiny teal bags contain 4 striped bronze bags, 3 dotted aqua bags.
dotted cyan bags contain 3 clear yellow bags, 5 faded maroon bags, 3 dim gray bags.
wavy beige bags contain 1 posh cyan bag, 4 wavy magenta bags, 5 dim green bags.
bright silver bags contain 4 clear beige bags, 2 faded chartreuse bags, 4 clear aqua bags.
striped purple bags contain 2 clear chartreuse bags, 4 dotted magenta bags.
clear gold bags contain 2 vibrant lavender bags, 3 posh aqua bags, 4 light green bags, 3 pale cyan bags.
dull cyan bags contain 5 dim tomato bags, 1 dim orange bag.
light crimson bags contain 1 dull green bag.
faded crimson bags contain 4 plaid coral bags, 3 dotted orange bags.
pale gray bags contain 3 dark lime bags.
faded gold bags contain 1 muted crimson bag, 1 plaid red bag, 5 wavy cyan bags.
plaid plum bags contain 4 bright blue bags.
wavy tomato bags contain 5 posh brown bags, 2 striped maroon bags, 4 faded indigo bags, 3 clear gold bags.
shiny fuchsia bags contain 2 mirrored gray bags.
wavy magenta bags contain 2 posh olive bags.
dim purple bags contain 1 vibrant yellow bag.
wavy black bags contain 1 pale green bag.
wavy silver bags contain 3 dull yellow bags, 5 faded magenta bags, 4 mirrored black bags, 3 dull indigo bags.
shiny cyan bags contain 2 shiny salmon bags, 2 pale olive bags, 1 shiny red bag.
striped cyan bags contain 5 pale magenta bags, 3 faded silver bags.
dim salmon bags contain 2 vibrant aqua bags, 1 drab red bag.
bright chartreuse bags contain 1 shiny tomato bag, 2 wavy yellow bags, 2 wavy silver bags.
drab coral bags contain 1 drab silver bag.
pale white bags contain 2 faded red bags, 4 pale gray bags, 2 mirrored lavender bags.
dim violet bags contain 3 dull white bags.
muted red bags contain 3 shiny lime bags, 3 plaid beige bags, 2 shiny aqua bags.
bright teal bags contain 3 dim tomato bags, 3 mirrored turquoise bags, 5 vibrant yellow bags.
striped maroon bags contain 1 dim plum bag, 2 wavy cyan bags, 1 dull beige bag.
vibrant green bags contain 5 dotted salmon bags, 4 mirrored olive bags.
dim tan bags contain 2 shiny white bags, 3 posh lime bags, 1 dotted teal bag.
muted olive bags contain 4 mirrored chartreuse bags.
muted salmon bags contain 1 clear salmon bag.
dim beige bags contain 2 pale gray bags, 2 mirrored olive bags, 3 clear yellow bags.
light tomato bags contain 1 pale white bag, 2 dark teal bags, 5 shiny lime bags.
striped beige bags contain 4 bright plum bags, 1 plaid olive bag, 2 pale crimson bags.
light indigo bags contain 4 bright fuchsia bags, 1 dull gold bag, 5 dark beige bags, 3 mirrored teal bags.
drab gray bags contain 3 dark coral bags, 5 mirrored teal bags, 5 dim purple bags, 4 mirrored violet bags.
dark teal bags contain 2 muted orange bags.
dim plum bags contain 1 posh brown bag, 4 dotted orange bags, 3 dotted gold bags, 2 drab salmon bags.
dim green bags contain 3 dark beige bags, 3 bright tan bags, 4 striped white bags, 5 faded white bags.
drab teal bags contain 1 light gray bag.
dark aqua bags contain 5 vibrant green bags, 3 shiny teal bags, 3 dull red bags.
wavy lime bags contain 5 mirrored brown bags, 2 dark cyan bags, 4 dull green bags, 1 wavy cyan bag.
muted violet bags contain 3 light plum bags.
posh green bags contain 2 shiny fuchsia bags, 3 posh aqua bags, 5 dotted turquoise bags.
clear blue bags contain 4 vibrant gray bags, 4 shiny plum bags.
muted brown bags contain 1 dark lime bag, 1 mirrored olive bag, 1 faded beige bag.
dotted black bags contain 5 pale beige bags, 1 dotted tomato bag, 2 wavy cyan bags, 3 wavy aqua bags.
muted chartreuse bags contain 5 muted lavender bags, 5 clear aqua bags, 5 bright maroon bags, 4 plaid bronze bags.
bright purple bags contain 4 bright fuchsia bags, 3 pale tomato bags, 5 mirrored tomato bags.
drab orange bags contain 5 light crimson bags, 4 dark beige bags.
clear white bags contain 2 shiny salmon bags.
posh lavender bags contain 4 posh tan bags, 1 posh magenta bag.
faded purple bags contain 2 dull maroon bags, 2 mirrored coral bags, 4 vibrant green bags.
dotted olive bags contain 5 dull chartreuse bags, 2 wavy magenta bags, 1 pale tan bag, 3 dim turquoise bags.
muted crimson bags contain 1 striped olive bag, 3 dull chartreuse bags, 1 light bronze bag.
striped turquoise bags contain 2 light blue bags.
bright indigo bags contain 3 dull green bags, 1 pale teal bag.
drab purple bags contain 3 bright aqua bags, 4 dull tan bags, 2 mirrored indigo bags.
wavy salmon bags contain 4 dark olive bags, 5 dull chartreuse bags, 3 vibrant purple bags, 1 pale lime bag.
drab olive bags contain 5 dim crimson bags, 3 posh green bags, 3 clear brown bags, 1 posh teal bag.
muted orange bags contain 5 shiny orange bags, 3 muted black bags, 5 bright blue bags, 1 mirrored olive bag.
drab salmon bags contain 5 light coral bags.
dark salmon bags contain 4 bright lavender bags, 5 clear gray bags.
posh blue bags contain 1 drab coral bag, 3 faded green bags.
shiny violet bags contain 1 posh yellow bag, 4 light turquoise bags, 4 drab silver bags, 2 muted teal bags.
clear tomato bags contain 3 bright plum bags, 3 muted indigo bags, 2 muted maroon bags, 3 dotted cyan bags.
dotted coral bags contain 4 dark tomato bags, 5 dotted magenta bags, 5 wavy gold bags.
striped teal bags contain 1 plaid brown bag, 2 bright plum bags, 1 mirrored blue bag.
pale maroon bags contain 4 posh gold bags, 5 striped magenta bags, 2 dim brown bags, 1 clear chartreuse bag.
muted lime bags contain 5 dull lavender bags, 3 plaid gray bags, 3 shiny tomato bags, 4 drab tomato bags.
mirrored green bags contain 2 striped purple bags.
posh chartreuse bags contain 4 dull tan bags, 2 plaid coral bags, 1 plaid cyan bag, 4 clear bronze bags.
shiny bronze bags contain 3 striped indigo bags, 4 mirrored white bags, 1 faded coral bag, 1 clear violet bag.
dull olive bags contain 1 muted coral bag, 3 clear tomato bags, 3 bright tan bags.
light maroon bags contain 5 mirrored tomato bags.
light chartreuse bags contain 3 dark indigo bags, 2 mirrored coral bags.
light bronze bags contain 1 bright yellow bag.
dim chartreuse bags contain 3 plaid gray bags, 2 faded teal bags.
dotted lavender bags contain 3 bright teal bags, 3 vibrant green bags.
dark tan bags contain 5 posh black bags.
muted blue bags contain 2 mirrored salmon bags, 4 striped olive bags.
mirrored chartreuse bags contain 2 bright turquoise bags.
clear cyan bags contain 5 dotted gold bags, 3 shiny fuchsia bags, 3 dim violet bags.
light white bags contain 2 vibrant bronze bags.
pale orange bags contain 3 plaid aqua bags.
faded brown bags contain 2 shiny blue bags, 1 dark cyan bag.
plaid salmon bags contain 5 wavy yellow bags, 3 faded aqua bags, 1 dull yellow bag.
shiny blue bags contain 2 bright violet bags, 3 light lime bags, 5 clear blue bags.
dull orange bags contain 4 faded turquoise bags, 2 dim lavender bags.
dull gold bags contain 2 dotted gray bags.
vibrant tan bags contain 2 posh turquoise bags, 2 muted orange bags, 4 plaid blue bags.
shiny white bags contain 1 pale chartreuse bag, 4 dark tomato bags.
light olive bags contain 3 striped bronze bags, 3 posh white bags.
dark lavender bags contain 3 drab magenta bags, 3 plaid black bags, 2 dull red bags.
shiny turquoise bags contain 1 vibrant black bag, 5 wavy fuchsia bags.
clear fuchsia bags contain 2 dull aqua bags, 2 shiny coral bags.
shiny coral bags contain 2 pale magenta bags, 4 muted bronze bags, 4 light coral bags.
striped salmon bags contain 3 posh olive bags.
shiny olive bags contain 5 pale chartreuse bags.
dotted brown bags contain 1 mirrored brown bag.
dull red bags contain 1 faded chartreuse bag, 1 dull chartreuse bag, 5 clear lavender bags, 5 wavy salmon bags.
bright beige bags contain 1 posh crimson bag, 1 posh chartreuse bag.
plaid crimson bags contain 5 wavy magenta bags, 4 muted lime bags, 1 muted maroon bag, 3 dim green bags.
wavy maroon bags contain 1 wavy cyan bag, 1 bright turquoise bag, 4 shiny coral bags, 3 drab beige bags.
vibrant fuchsia bags contain 2 dull tomato bags, 1 light coral bag.
pale brown bags contain 5 striped gray bags, 1 light plum bag, 1 pale chartreuse bag, 2 shiny tomato bags.
light plum bags contain 4 bright yellow bags, 2 dark tomato bags, 4 plaid coral bags.
dull gray bags contain 1 mirrored olive bag.
light yellow bags contain 5 bright magenta bags, 5 pale gray bags, 4 mirrored red bags.
dull lime bags contain 3 dark indigo bags, 3 mirrored salmon bags, 5 striped white bags, 3 posh aqua bags.
drab yellow bags contain 4 shiny white bags, 3 faded green bags.
bright gray bags contain 5 drab olive bags.
bright coral bags contain 3 mirrored brown bags, 5 dim bronze bags, 5 muted white bags, 1 dim crimson bag.
dim maroon bags contain 1 vibrant red bag, 3 faded fuchsia bags, 3 vibrant blue bags.
plaid turquoise bags contain 3 bright yellow bags, 5 dark purple bags.
plaid violet bags contain 1 clear yellow bag, 2 posh violet bags, 3 mirrored bronze bags, 3 vibrant tan bags.
dotted maroon bags contain 2 striped fuchsia bags, 3 striped white bags, 2 light blue bags, 5 plaid cyan bags.
dull blue bags contain 1 wavy brown bag.
drab tan bags contain 1 clear indigo bag, 4 faded violet bags, 3 pale cyan bags.
posh maroon bags contain 5 striped aqua bags, 3 wavy coral bags, 3 mirrored olive bags.
dim blue bags contain 4 dotted maroon bags, 5 striped black bags, 5 plaid gray bags.
faded teal bags contain 3 clear indigo bags, 5 dark beige bags, 1 shiny cyan bag, 3 bright tomato bags.
clear bronze bags contain 1 muted yellow bag.
dark plum bags contain 3 faded white bags, 2 wavy brown bags, 5 pale white bags.
wavy cyan bags contain 3 mirrored brown bags, 5 faded silver bags, 1 dim lime bag, 5 clear indigo bags.
posh plum bags contain no other bags.
wavy plum bags contain 4 dull indigo bags, 3 faded black bags, 4 bright turquoise bags, 5 bright red bags.
dim red bags contain 2 light cyan bags.
pale coral bags contain 2 wavy brown bags, 1 dull gray bag.
posh teal bags contain 2 striped purple bags, 1 dotted gray bag.
clear tan bags contain 5 striped maroon bags.
wavy chartreuse bags contain 5 bright chartreuse bags.
posh black bags contain 2 mirrored gray bags, 3 mirrored beige bags, 2 clear aqua bags, 2 bright plum bags.
muted maroon bags contain 5 vibrant red bags, 1 plaid lavender bag.
vibrant silver bags contain 1 mirrored salmon bag, 5 clear lime bags, 4 shiny violet bags.
pale indigo bags contain 4 clear maroon bags, 4 wavy cyan bags.
mirrored salmon bags contain 4 pale gray bags, 4 dim beige bags.
pale lavender bags contain 1 wavy turquoise bag, 2 striped green bags, 4 light coral bags, 4 clear chartreuse bags.
drab beige bags contain no other bags.
wavy coral bags contain 3 muted cyan bags, 3 dull bronze bags.
plaid black bags contain 2 posh orange bags, 4 shiny tan bags, 5 mirrored brown bags, 3 shiny plum bags.
light gray bags contain 2 dim crimson bags, 1 faded salmon bag.
shiny plum bags contain 2 dull tomato bags, 1 mirrored tan bag, 2 dull green bags, 1 dark lime bag.
drab blue bags contain 5 mirrored chartreuse bags, 5 dull tomato bags, 2 mirrored beige bags, 4 posh plum bags.
faded orange bags contain 5 striped yellow bags, 1 drab gray bag, 5 vibrant purple bags, 3 muted fuchsia bags.
plaid purple bags contain 1 faded silver bag, 4 shiny gold bags, 4 dim cyan bags.
pale tan bags contain 3 shiny gold bags, 2 shiny lavender bags, 3 pale cyan bags.
bright crimson bags contain 5 clear cyan bags.
dotted lime bags contain 2 posh violet bags, 5 striped beige bags, 4 bright teal bags.
posh purple bags contain 5 mirrored silver bags, 1 dim tan bag, 1 pale white bag.
vibrant red bags contain 3 pale chartreuse bags, 2 dim purple bags, 4 wavy maroon bags, 1 dull gray bag.
light fuchsia bags contain 1 drab maroon bag, 2 faded violet bags.
bright blue bags contain 4 drab salmon bags, 4 dotted gold bags.
bright turquoise bags contain 2 dotted gold bags, 2 dim violet bags, 1 vibrant bronze bag.
light orange bags contain 1 plaid olive bag.
light gold bags contain 2 clear plum bags, 2 striped bronze bags, 4 dark yellow bags, 2 posh orange bags.
dotted magenta bags contain 4 wavy cyan bags.
muted teal bags contain 1 clear beige bag, 4 plaid brown bags, 2 posh plum bags.
light black bags contain 3 drab bronze bags, 2 plaid silver bags, 3 mirrored coral bags.
wavy turquoise bags contain 5 dotted orange bags.
muted fuchsia bags contain 3 dull black bags, 1 striped coral bag, 1 bright magenta bag.
posh white bags contain 5 bright blue bags, 2 pale gray bags, 2 dark lime bags, 4 dotted gold bags.
striped black bags contain 5 drab maroon bags, 1 faded green bag, 2 mirrored silver bags, 2 shiny white bags.
striped gold bags contain 4 dim gray bags.
dull violet bags contain 3 light plum bags, 4 faded turquoise bags, 3 mirrored cyan bags.
striped red bags contain 5 plaid orange bags, 1 clear plum bag, 2 vibrant lavender bags.
bright cyan bags contain 1 dim brown bag, 4 mirrored turquoise bags.
dim cyan bags contain 5 bright turquoise bags.
shiny chartreuse bags contain 2 striped white bags.
vibrant blue bags contain 5 drab tan bags, 4 dotted magenta bags.
mirrored aqua bags contain 3 shiny gold bags, 3 drab brown bags, 3 faded black bags, 3 clear tan bags.
dark cyan bags contain 4 pale gray bags, 1 dotted gold bag, 4 dotted orange bags, 4 pale magenta bags.
wavy fuchsia bags contain 5 mirrored teal bags, 1 dotted gray bag.
pale gold bags contain 3 posh lavender bags, 2 drab brown bags.
shiny orange bags contain 2 dim gray bags.
posh tomato bags contain 5 bright brown bags.
clear orange bags contain 4 posh plum bags, 5 dull gray bags.
pale purple bags contain 1 drab purple bag, 5 bright crimson bags.
drab brown bags contain 1 bright red bag, 3 light turquoise bags, 1 posh plum bag, 2 dull chartreuse bags.
shiny tan bags contain 2 dotted gold bags, 2 plaid orange bags, 3 clear cyan bags.
faded cyan bags contain 2 wavy cyan bags, 2 posh teal bags.
clear maroon bags contain 2 light coral bags.
drab cyan bags contain 3 wavy bronze bags, 5 posh aqua bags, 4 dull crimson bags, 1 shiny gold bag.
plaid white bags contain 4 wavy brown bags.
bright tan bags contain 2 shiny silver bags.
drab turquoise bags contain 2 faded beige bags, 4 vibrant lavender bags.
faded yellow bags contain 2 dull black bags, 3 vibrant yellow bags, 4 plaid silver bags, 3 posh teal bags.
bright lime bags contain 3 striped aqua bags, 4 dull tomato bags, 5 dim gray bags.
plaid tan bags contain 2 plaid coral bags, 5 drab blue bags, 4 drab orange bags.
clear purple bags contain 2 drab tomato bags, 3 mirrored bronze bags, 2 dark teal bags, 4 dull green bags.
wavy red bags contain 4 faded tan bags, 4 wavy cyan bags.
vibrant purple bags contain 5 mirrored salmon bags, 1 dark salmon bag.
wavy tan bags contain 1 shiny olive bag, 2 faded maroon bags.
vibrant gray bags contain 1 mirrored olive bag, 2 dotted turquoise bags, 4 striped chartreuse bags, 1 dull tomato bag.
mirrored gray bags contain 4 bright blue bags, 1 striped olive bag.
dull aqua bags contain 1 vibrant purple bag, 1 faded maroon bag, 3 muted yellow bags.
clear red bags contain 1 posh violet bag.
light purple bags contain 2 shiny olive bags, 2 striped yellow bags, 4 dotted turquoise bags, 2 shiny violet bags.
dull brown bags contain 2 wavy red bags, 4 clear green bags.
wavy bronze bags contain 2 dull tomato bags.
muted beige bags contain 5 wavy aqua bags, 4 striped maroon bags, 2 drab tan bags.
muted black bags contain 1 posh green bag, 1 clear green bag, 5 striped bronze bags.
light green bags contain 4 dim lime bags, 1 shiny gold bag, 3 shiny crimson bags, 2 muted yellow bags.
mirrored fuchsia bags contain 1 dull bronze bag.
pale tomato bags contain 2 vibrant maroon bags, 2 muted orange bags, 1 wavy brown bag, 2 dull cyan bags.
drab chartreuse bags contain 5 mirrored magenta bags.
shiny indigo bags contain 4 pale teal bags, 3 dull silver bags, 5 mirrored olive bags.
bright aqua bags contain 3 bright violet bags.
shiny magenta bags contain 2 bright red bags.
vibrant orange bags contain 3 mirrored black bags, 5 mirrored olive bags.
mirrored indigo bags contain 4 vibrant coral bags, 1 mirrored crimson bag, 2 mirrored red bags.
plaid blue bags contain 5 wavy aqua bags, 2 plaid fuchsia bags, 3 wavy purple bags, 1 dim lime bag.
dotted plum bags contain 4 striped chartreuse bags, 4 dotted yellow bags, 4 light yellow bags, 3 striped red bags.
light violet bags contain 5 shiny chartreuse bags, 1 wavy lime bag, 1 vibrant beige bag.
dotted salmon bags contain 2 drab maroon bags, 5 muted black bags, 1 posh violet bag, 1 dull lime bag.
vibrant gold bags contain 5 dull magenta bags, 1 clear aqua bag, 3 mirrored beige bags, 1 pale cyan bag.
mirrored lavender bags contain 3 clear gold bags.
dotted gold bags contain 1 drab beige bag, 1 mirrored crimson bag.
bright magenta bags contain 1 striped maroon bag, 1 striped bronze bag, 5 mirrored beige bags, 1 dotted maroon bag.
clear black bags contain 1 faded chartreuse bag, 5 light blue bags.
bright tomato bags contain 3 mirrored tan bags, 2 mirrored olive bags, 3 muted bronze bags, 1 posh violet bag.
mirrored violet bags contain 3 striped chartreuse bags, 3 dim lime bags, 5 pale chartreuse bags, 1 posh tan bag.
faded gray bags contain 4 light crimson bags, 3 muted turquoise bags.
dark red bags contain 5 muted green bags, 4 mirrored maroon bags.
clear crimson bags contain 2 muted olive bags, 5 striped chartreuse bags.
vibrant lime bags contain 1 dim crimson bag, 2 faded coral bags, 3 light crimson bags.
vibrant bronze bags contain no other bags.
dotted white bags contain 4 dim purple bags, 2 mirrored chartreuse bags.
clear indigo bags contain 3 mirrored olive bags, 2 posh brown bags.
pale lime bags contain 5 faded salmon bags, 5 striped tan bags, 4 light white bags, 3 pale chartreuse bags.
vibrant coral bags contain 1 muted orange bag.
clear teal bags contain 1 posh plum bag.
wavy white bags contain 2 dim chartreuse bags, 1 dull tomato bag, 1 dull fuchsia bag, 4 faded silver bags.
dull yellow bags contain 2 mirrored gray bags, 2 shiny olive bags, 4 clear beige bags, 2 dim crimson bags.
posh fuchsia bags contain 3 dull teal bags.
dotted teal bags contain 3 dull white bags, 5 pale gray bags.
vibrant tomato bags contain 4 dull green bags.
dull purple bags contain 3 shiny red bags, 1 dim crimson bag, 5 drab turquoise bags.
vibrant aqua bags contain 1 bright cyan bag.
clear plum bags contain 5 drab magenta bags, 2 mirrored salmon bags.
dark tomato bags contain 1 dull beige bag, 1 faded violet bag.
bright violet bags contain 3 dim lime bags, 4 muted cyan bags, 4 dull gold bags.
dim teal bags contain 3 mirrored orange bags.
dark magenta bags contain 2 light tan bags, 5 bright violet bags, 4 dim aqua bags, 5 bright teal bags.
faded silver bags contain 2 dotted gold bags.
light lavender bags contain 5 mirrored chartreuse bags.
vibrant chartreuse bags contain 1 pale indigo bag, 2 drab tan bags, 2 striped bronze bags.
dotted blue bags contain 3 faded gray bags, 3 muted coral bags, 4 drab red bags.
drab lavender bags contain 1 dull bronze bag.
wavy green bags contain 2 vibrant brown bags.
bright gold bags contain 5 shiny blue bags.
dull lavender bags contain 4 vibrant beige bags, 4 wavy purple bags.
shiny tomato bags contain 5 plaid olive bags.
faded aqua bags contain 5 mirrored olive bags.
clear beige bags contain 4 shiny fuchsia bags, 5 wavy bronze bags.
pale black bags contain 1 shiny lavender bag, 4 muted olive bags, 3 striped gold bags.
faded beige bags contain 3 clear yellow bags, 1 bright turquoise bag.
dull salmon bags contain 1 plaid tomato bag, 1 dull coral bag, 4 dotted coral bags.
drab aqua bags contain 5 muted olive bags.
plaid fuchsia bags contain 2 wavy lime bags, 3 mirrored gray bags, 3 clear crimson bags.
pale turquoise bags contain 3 bright cyan bags, 3 posh blue bags, 3 dark olive bags.
dotted red bags contain 3 pale black bags, 3 light blue bags, 4 clear gold bags, 4 pale olive bags.
dark olive bags contain 5 shiny coral bags.
dull white bags contain no other bags.
shiny silver bags contain 3 posh plum bags, 4 posh brown bags, 4 dull chartreuse bags, 1 drab beige bag.
muted gray bags contain 5 posh coral bags.
light magenta bags contain 3 vibrant cyan bags, 1 striped tan bag, 5 dark maroon bags, 2 wavy cyan bags.
dim brown bags contain 3 dull green bags, 2 dull beige bags, 2 wavy gold bags, 5 wavy bronze bags.
vibrant brown bags contain 1 striped violet bag, 2 dull beige bags.
pale chartreuse bags contain 5 shiny gold bags, 4 dotted gold bags.
vibrant plum bags contain 4 mirrored gray bags, 1 bright silver bag, 3 bright cyan bags, 2 dull gray bags.
muted bronze bags contain 2 mirrored beige bags.
plaid green bags contain 3 striped tan bags, 4 drab maroon bags.
dark orange bags contain 4 drab beige bags, 1 striped beige bag, 1 dim indigo bag.
bright olive bags contain 4 bright turquoise bags.
drab indigo bags contain 4 striped tan bags, 5 dotted gold bags, 4 shiny crimson bags, 2 dull chartreuse bags.
light teal bags contain 5 dotted orange bags, 3 posh brown bags, 3 shiny gold bags.
dotted crimson bags contain 5 posh turquoise bags, 1 clear salmon bag, 5 faded salmon bags.
shiny red bags contain 4 bright blue bags, 2 posh lime bags, 5 shiny plum bags.
dark brown bags contain 5 posh magenta bags.
drab violet bags contain 5 posh indigo bags, 2 light chartreuse bags, 2 vibrant crimson bags.
plaid beige bags contain 3 drab olive bags, 5 dim fuchsia bags, 5 wavy turquoise bags.
bright plum bags contain 2 mirrored salmon bags, 4 faded tan bags.
plaid lavender bags contain 2 striped coral bags, 1 light coral bag.
shiny brown bags contain 2 wavy tan bags, 1 pale salmon bag, 2 clear bronze bags.
clear turquoise bags contain 2 dotted beige bags.
wavy orange bags contain 4 shiny green bags, 1 pale magenta bag, 4 dark plum bags, 4 mirrored olive bags.
vibrant turquoise bags contain 3 dotted black bags, 4 wavy salmon bags.
posh olive bags contain 1 dull black bag.
pale red bags contain 5 plaid tomato bags.
dim gold bags contain 5 wavy violet bags.
dotted fuchsia bags contain 4 pale plum bags, 2 dim salmon bags, 2 clear salmon bags, 4 vibrant blue bags.
wavy indigo bags contain 3 muted fuchsia bags, 1 drab maroon bag.
clear chartreuse bags contain 3 mirrored olive bags, 1 posh yellow bag, 1 faded salmon bag, 5 drab salmon bags.
drab red bags contain 2 faded lime bags, 3 bright fuchsia bags, 5 bright olive bags, 2 striped maroon bags.
dotted turquoise bags contain 5 dull white bags, 3 bright olive bags, 4 clear crimson bags.
muted coral bags contain 1 posh green bag, 4 dim violet bags, 2 faded silver bags, 3 dim plum bags.
plaid olive bags contain 2 striped cyan bags, 4 drab red bags, 2 clear beige bags, 5 plaid coral bags.
vibrant indigo bags contain 1 vibrant maroon bag.
clear olive bags contain 3 vibrant purple bags, 3 plaid green bags.
light blue bags contain 5 plaid lavender bags, 1 mirrored violet bag, 4 muted yellow bags.
muted turquoise bags contain 3 plaid brown bags, 5 clear aqua bags, 5 drab silver bags.
muted cyan bags contain 5 shiny fuchsia bags.
plaid aqua bags contain 3 posh green bags, 2 dull crimson bags.
dull teal bags contain 2 drab red bags.
dim olive bags contain 3 dark plum bags.
bright black bags contain 4 shiny salmon bags, 3 dull white bags, 4 clear brown bags.
mirrored maroon bags contain 1 drab turquoise bag, 2 plaid red bags, 3 faded black bags.
pale plum bags contain 1 dark salmon bag.
posh magenta bags contain 4 bright tan bags.
faded tan bags contain 1 pale magenta bag, 1 drab beige bag, 2 dull beige bags, 1 shiny silver bag.
dark coral bags contain 4 shiny orange bags, 2 dull green bags, 2 dim crimson bags.
plaid silver bags contain 2 dim black bags, 2 mirrored tan bags, 4 shiny plum bags, 4 wavy teal bags.
dim gray bags contain 3 dull green bags, 3 dull white bags, 2 clear yellow bags.
clear magenta bags contain 5 pale chartreuse bags, 5 light magenta bags, 4 mirrored gray bags.
posh coral bags contain 1 muted plum bag, 4 dim turquoise bags.
dim yellow bags contain 3 striped white bags.
mirrored tan bags contain 1 dim cyan bag, 3 wavy purple bags.
vibrant olive bags contain 5 striped fuchsia bags, 3 shiny silver bags.
pale cyan bags contain 5 vibrant bronze bags, 2 clear crimson bags, 1 dim violet bag.
vibrant teal bags contain 1 pale white bag, 5 clear gold bags, 2 striped white bags.
shiny gold bags contain 1 shiny coral bag, 5 posh white bags, 3 wavy cyan bags.
dim lime bags contain 1 bright turquoise bag.
posh salmon bags contain 1 dotted aqua bag, 3 faded cyan bags.
vibrant yellow bags contain 4 dim violet bags, 2 striped bronze bags, 3 clear crimson bags.
dull magenta bags contain 5 clear green bags.
bright orange bags contain 1 bright indigo bag, 3 clear tan bags, 5 dark brown bags.
mirrored blue bags contain 3 dotted aqua bags, 4 dotted magenta bags.
clear salmon bags contain 5 striped chartreuse bags, 5 drab brown bags.
light tan bags contain 3 drab orange bags, 5 posh purple bags, 3 faded plum bags.
dark purple bags contain 2 dim plum bags, 4 dark beige bags, 1 dull tomato bag, 4 dull gray bags.
shiny maroon bags contain 3 dotted aqua bags.
faded lime bags contain 2 light turquoise bags.
mirrored yellow bags contain 4 muted orange bags, 4 shiny black bags, 1 shiny green bag.
bright yellow bags contain 1 plaid bronze bag, 2 shiny gold bags.
striped crimson bags contain 5 dotted black bags.
